A HEAVY SWORD TO CARRY

"Zzzzzshhhhhhghrr" Grant's long sword echoed across the field as it dragged over inanimate things, piercing the earth behind him. "Cling!" it sounded, as it found a broken bronze helm still attached to its wearers head - a dented thing with an intact house-of-arms: the oak. The sharp sound scared nearby crows that were picking on the rags of mulled man. The first bird and the easiest to frighten set off cawing and behind it followed the rest of the murder. The loud black sheet of crows flying upwards covered the gray skies and for a moment everything was rested.
 
At the top of a beaten smoking hill sat a warlord. The banners of his country, colossal wings, set behind his makeshift throne sprawl open at the winds. In them glared a glorious elk embroidered in royal blue. With its front vigorous legs in the air and green emeralds shining for eyes. Five gold stars hung in front of the beast, one for each castle in the makeshift kings realm. Elric's long black curls hang below his untouched gold plated armored shoulders. These, along with his straight head formed a proud arrow that pointed towards the sky - the only thing above him now, he thought. He barely moved in his massive battle wagon where he sat in a small wooden tower overseeing the battlefield remnants. The view was scarred with broken things. The makeshift King seemed too calm, almost dormant after winning the battle that yielded him the war. 

After this day the country would be unified again under a crown, the rebellion having been vanquished. Children would sing songs in Elrics name and he would be written down on the right side of history books. But something more pressing filled Elric's mind.

It was known through tales. The ones grandmothers tell to their grandchildren at lunch. Grandmothers have a different hunger from their small heirs, perhaps even larger in appetite. That for children's imagination and the stuff that dreams are made of. These tales have many aperitifs that are spread out through the meal and taste of different memories, but always follow the main thread of the main course. And if one is lucky, if the child's imagination's crackling like a wildfire and the storyteller is a mature worthsmith, an ending with a flourish, like fireworks on a dark night, should be served as dessert. One tale that everyone in the kingdom should know from their merry child years was running through Elrics crowned head. About warriors who had been chosen by the gods - or as it was usually put - touched. The stories told of honorable fighters who were endowed with powerful magical gifts. Some spit fire, others froze every enemy they touched, some gained the strength of 10 elephants and the agility of a cheetah - whatever the skill, the warrior would involuntarily win the battle. Like William the Darthpoint, who's arrows would fly through whole legions before stopping, or Elban The Bear Roar who's war cry would send his enemies into madness and fright, unleashing chaos and confusion behind enemy lines. These weren't recent tales. They were known. Old paintings hung in royal halls, crafted by hands long gone, portraying such stories and their heroes. And Elric knew them. The cold sweat that permeated his unsoiled hands, the panic that had installed in his noble bowels after witnessing Grant, after observing a myth, made him dizzy and afraid.
 
As he dragged his tired sword across death, Grant caught a glimpse of a dandelion seed. It swam through the cold northern breeze until it reached Grant's eyes. He almost didn't notice it. But he did and his eyes shattered in a dozen glassy drops, each reflecting the surrounding mess. The tears, like lifeless bodies, hit the ground hard. That spore, that dot of fleeting life that hung on with all its purpose to some line of potentiality, thin but heavy as the world, brought him to his knees and all the people that he erased flashed through his mind's eye. He felt himself and he knew he could have died. His whole existence fell from the heavens to his feet and the idea buried itself along with the seeds that never were, might have been and would soon be, beautiful sunny dandelions, coming down floating on the winter winds of the north. Grant caught Elric's eyes. A lion staring at an eagle high on its royal nest. He knew there and then that he would never be able to lift his sword for the warlord again. Grant wiped his red eyes, pulled himself up, wiped his red sword with his cape and sheathed it for the last time on its holster. He turned his back to the war and walked towards camp. 

Night had settled and a cold mist involved the camps tents. Small fires that offered a big comfort permeated the field between large shared bulky tents. Tired warriors spoke above the fires over pig sausages, dry bread and dark cold ale. 

"For the last time, get me the fucking jar! I ain't askin another time." Peter didn't stop his voice while throwing the jar at George " - I am telling you the king is going to promote him from Phalange leader to fucking Head of Joint - No! Hand, they'll make him a fucking Hand! What a hero man - our own Phalanger". While George poured himself more ale from the clay jar he whispered mindlessly "You know, I saw it when it happened you know". 
"You're spilling, man! Good ale by the way and not enough as it is." Robert, the oldest of the group, yelled from a tree stump where he sat slapping his thigh. George wiped the ale from his trousers and made an angry face. "And you should be glad about it." Robert continued "Sir Grant won us the war. I don't know about you George, but I want to go home. Enough with the damned insurgents and their blockist ideas, they've brought enough death with their opinions as it is, to our people and our country. I say let them rot." A long pause followed, sullen with heavy silence. Until Robert smirked, pulling on his beard, and said "I also have a wife mind you. And I don't want her to turn into a scabbardita - you know what happens to the mind of a fisherwoman who's not seen a man for too long. The sea turns holes into pillars and pillars into holes. Besides, what you witnessed has its place in tales, gods damn me. It's a miracle and he should be awarded for it." Robert finished his sentence looking straight into the blazing flames, sausage grease dripping from his bread on the cold soil. His words of praise fell from a stout and droopy mouth as everyone remembered what they had seen on the battlefield. 

His leg was shaking when a big heavy hand fell on his shoulder, bringing him back from introspection. It was a warm hand that grasped him with friendship and intent.
"Sir Grant!" Robert managed to say while turning and saluting his Phalange Commander by reflex. Others that sat around the fire copied Roberts instinct.  "Relax Robert. All of you commoners, relax." Grant scratched at his nape "I am no longer your Commander so don't." He wore a tired smile "Mind if I sit?" He asked as he sat. "I bring juice from the high tables, so throw the piss your drinking there, where piss belongs". He said emptying the clay jar himself onto a bush behind Robert and filling it from his big metallic jug. The group was silent but restless while Grant filled everyone's cup from the clay jar and drank directly from his jug. Peter finally broke the silence with over excited words that fell from his mouth awkwardly loud "Are you our hand now?" - Robert immediately slapped Peter on the back of the head "Au!" Peter argued. "What the fuck boy, address Sir Grant properly!" Robert's face flushed red and Grant spit the wine he was drinking in a burst of laughter. Robert slithered from closed teeth in Peter's ear "What is the matter with you? Have you finally shat the small amount of wits y'ere born with?" "Robert you might have dislodged his head man. Are you alive boy? Pronounce your name, a little softer this time, please." Peter was still rubbing his head and gasping for air when he managed to answer "I am peter. I mean, my name is. Sir! Sir Grant!" with emphasis on the <<sir's>>. Peter eyed Robert with fiery eyes while Robert continued "Have you, Sir Grant, ex commander of our Phalange, been commended to a higher rank, sir?" Robert eyed him back in an equal manner "I do not suppose that after your deeds in today's battle, that you haven't been promoted... Sir!" "Well, Peter, as a matter of fact I have." Grant opened his arms towards the camp. "I am now Hand. Leader of all these dogs. Commoners, Epics, Phalange groups, Carpals, Joints and all that shit. I have been endowed with the titles of Hero and Rare, even martyr, although I live... ‘hiccup’, which might change depending on the king's little fingers of course" he said in a whisper to himself and hiccuped again. What happened next caught Grant by surprise albeit his drunkenness. He almost cried although no one would ever know that, not even sober Grant. George kneeled, then Robert did the same and after him everyone else kneeled. Without a word, first the soldiers around the fire then soldiers walking by and then further - soon most of the camp was kneeling - some didn't even know why. Each unsheathed their weapons, stabbed them in the earth if they had a pointy part or simply laid these before themselves otherwise, head bowed down in respect. All paid allegiance to him, some to his power and most of them to the Hand. Grant let himself fall back onto the broken tree stump. The jug was still under his hard grip and it was shining the light from the fire everywhere. Small stones gleamed and glitter filled Grants eyes as he looked down. His other hand mimicked his thoughts by grabbing his long swords pommel. A woman - no, a girl - couldn't be older than 16 from her tender face and silky skin, was among the first of a column of rebels that tried to flank Grant's Phalange during the previous day's battle. Grant's Carpal General failed to predict this and so there was no counter-attack, no fluid repositioning of the commoners, nothing. Just some people, the ones at the front, yelling obscenities as they could only but look at their upcoming doom. Grant was staring straight in that rebel girl's eyes when it happened. It started as an excited heat filling his ribcage. Thinking of it now made him feel it again - or was it the other way around? The thought scared his drunk self. The heat spread through his stomach and then his mind was loose. Like a fish leaping out of the water and glimpsing at the outside world for the first time - Grant felt a power that was not his. His muscles were capable of moving mountains and had but his feeble meat to propel and his sword - craftsmanship, yes, but a piece of metal, felt gigantic and a propagation of his hand. Her eyes were so close now that Grant would have spoken to her, tell her to run, or to get down, but instead his hand moved and with it the long sword. The slash was so great that perhaps thousands fell from it, either dead or dying. The first hundreds of people disappeared. A couple more slashes and the earth was red and the battle won. Grant was dripping from his rivals gore as his brothers and sisters in arms thanked him and hailed him a hero, but the truth was that he hadn't had a choice. What broke Grant was the math - he couldn't fadom how many he had slaughtered. And the ones he could were still too many to make a difference - he only had one face - the girl's.

It was a cold night outside of The Round Table where the finest ale in town was served. It was also the only inn in the town of Brimswoods. Made from enchanted green apples and milky beechwood honey - ingredients grown in the woods surrounding the inn and its tavern - the ale was sweet and mistakenly light to the palate for it kicked like a mule. It could make one hallucinate fantastic things if drunk enough without summoning it back up again. Regardless of the brew, the town's night owls, travelers, drunks and vagabonds seemed to have gravitated towards each other, perhaps for fear, perhaps for celebration, and together ended up at the tavern in that magical holiday night of no moons.

The town was an old one. It had been governed by different lords across time and the townspeople were used to passing things - they were nostalgic but disconnected. Being the greenest patch of land of a southern Port country it was very desirable and searched for. Ships with traders passed through it constantly as did their languages and cultures. Its rich coastline and sea bursting with fish as well as extensive fields of fertile land ready to birth fat crops were the bread and butter of the townspeople. The women were fishers for the most part and man usually worked the fields, both were relaxed and easy going. The timber, oceans of trees that diffused into rivers of forests whose arms extended through the land profusely, was dark brown outside but inside a rare purple hue spiraled through it, making it very popular for building furniture among nobility from all over the world. The current family that received the town's taxes was the Bricks. They came to power through marriage - their youngest daughter paired with the eldest duke from the Stone family, the previous family that received the town's taxes and protected them against unprecedented threats that never came. The town's most wanted crop was a drug, a mild tranquilizer that the farm hands relished in their teas, the fisherwoman smoked in their purple wood pipes and foreign powers wanted to keep out of their borders while their rulers stashed it in coffers the size of houses, enjoying its effects wholeheartedly. The plant's humble tale that had its origin in Brimswoods was scattered and every country had a version of it, but the local tale went as follows... 

There once was a poor man that watered his crops with seawater. Everyone in town called him crazy-leg, not only because he was crippled, but also because he watered his crops with seawater - you see, the gossip was that he had drank a little bit too much of the ocean once when he found himself adrift a broken fishing boat after his wife tried to sink it amidst their honeymoon. His plants never grew of course, nothing in his land could grow because it was full of salt. One day, old crazy-leg woke up in the middle of the night. The wind knocked at his wooden door and whistled outside his windows. The rain tap danced on his roof. And when a loud weep creped into his ears he couldn't stay still and so he limped out of bed. Since his house was but a room he couldn't avoid staring at the dark door. The weeping got louder at times, coming in bursts, filling him with chills. Old crazy-leg lit his night candle and then with it a cigarette he always kept on his night stand to help with his nerves. He continued the limping towards his door - the weeping, now sounding louder and closer, lifted the hairs on his back making him feel like a cold chicken. He finished the rest of his cigarette with one deep drag and on its numbing nicotine decided to open the door. He reached for the rusty knob and with a shaking hand he hastily opened the door.

A baby stared back at him from a white pillow set deeply in a straw basket. The water had not got to the baby yet. Old crazy-leg brought the baby inside and when he saw a note attached to the babies pajamas he threw it in a drawer - for he could not read, but since we can - the note said "Dear Willies, you might not remember me, for like me the port holds many and I know you've seen most of them. Well, I cannot keep this baby for I am dying. And since half of it belongs to you, I hope that you take care of her. I am sorry.  - Livia". The baby was named Hope and Hope grew into a beautiful girl old enough to marry. And married she was, by Old crazy-leg, or as he was known in the brothels - Willies. He arranged for her to marry the horse master's son - Bert, whose father was Willies cousin. Old crippled Willies was getting too old now but his scientific endeavor still rushed through him like lightning. He would prove everyone wrong even if it killed him - he was going to show that sea water could grow crops, in fact, the best crops of all. One beautiful summer morning, when Willies was very sick and dying in his small wooden room that smelled of the sea, his daughter and her husband were desperately searching for some seed, any seed, in the hopes of bringing some rest to very old Willies. They searched the whole house for one until Hope stumbled upon something ancient made of now darkened shinny sticks - it was her old baby basket - old Willies had kept it all this time. She hugged the now yellow pillow and cried a little. Beneath it she found three seeds - golden and shiny, yelling for her attention. She stored them in her dress pocket and ran out into the field. With her slender white fingers she pierced the brown warm earth and one by one she placed the seeds in, under a brilliant midday sun. When she was done Bert hugged her making Hope cry again. These tears impregnated the earth and the seeds in it burst open and immediately grew out of the ground, green and strong with the bluest flowers she had ever seen. Bert and Hope rushed inside, picked old Willies up and limped him outside to see his dream come true and Old crazy-crippled Willies died with a smile right there and then as the waves danced softly with the shore before them. 

Grant pulled softly on his jenny and stopped amid the muddy road leading to the town's center.  It had been raining every other day, softly and slowly, gently nurturing the ground. With every step, Grants jenny - who he simply called Jenny, thus naming it so, would sink a little below ground level which must have been very frustrating, wet and dirty. Grant stared at the squishy ground and mindlessly imagined his mount's thoughts. Something darker than the black earth slowly came into his view. His eyes not knowing what to do with the small detail amongst the debris and surrounding misty darkness, ignored it. "Do you think horse thoughts I wonder... Probably not so. You're so much calmer than a horse." He spoke out loud now, getting carried away by the sudden realization that his four-legged friend and companion was making conversation with him, albeit it being in the form of his own voice. "You're smar... not so, not so... Dumber, are you? Ah, it's quite alright. You are what you are and I'll take care of you as long as you take care of me." He patted her with a wry smile. A black hare's foot. The image rendered in his mind's eye now - he turned to look back - there was no hare, only a foot. It was neatly placed on the center of the road Grant had been following - now behind them, the leg was clean and above ground as well - left there not long ago. Like a towering lighthouse illuminating the dark shores of a wild sea at night, Grant lifted his big head snugged in his bright yellow hood and turned it back to its right place - facing forwards. He was sleepy and in the middle of a crossroad and to be frank didn't much care for hares and their feet - "at the moment they can go down the hare hole by themselves... Or was it rabbit's hole? Do hares even make holes at all Jenny?" He stopped his mount and they both stared. In the middle of the crossroad stood a lamp post shining light from its oily entrails. The post was painted bright red - in fact it still dripped paint - and it only, just quite by chance, managed to illuminate the circle and its wooden arrows. To Grants right stood The Round Table and in it his eyes saw the promise of a smoothing fugue. He could see the building at the end of the road, proving that the wooden arrow with its blue and red aged paint was not lying. To his left, a "school" probably stood, as per indicated in dry flaky black paint on an old wooden arrow sign - although he couldn't really see it in the surrounding darkness. And finally, a "circus" was in town, or so the sign promised, in blue and yellow stripes freshly painted under "school".  So fresh it was that the responsible brush was still present, hovering next to the sign, dripping fat paint drops on the mud. A small old gnome looking man held a paintbrush with one steady hand, pinky afloat. Grant stared at the smiling man from across the circle where the roads connected. The old man stared back at Grant and then the smiling painter spoke.

"Heydi hidihidihi shall I help you work your way stranger or should I trust that you can read letters and numbers with yer own mind, fella?"

"I can read very well, thank you old man. Is what you paint true? Or have I just caught you, hand in honey?" The wrinkly old man wailed a forced quick laugh, putting his free hand on his belly.

"I'ma sorry, boy, but I am not of these parts - do you call painters honyers or something of the sort around these ways? Or is this a saying, an old interpretation? I am Bruno, and I work for the circus, you see."  He pointed the brush at the sign he painted himself, it was a wonderful art piece in its own right. Bruno waved the brush back and forth, splashing paint in all sorts of manners as he spoke. "I travel with them and for one silver you can enjoy a show and see that I speak the truth, just come with me in the arrows direction, fella. Apologies, I didn't mean to presume you can read directions as well! In any event, I can promise you that there is a show passing, as I speak and you listen!" He giggled and pulled his undergarments to cover his tush - they started falling almost immediately. Grant was so tired that as Bruno spoke he almost forgot the old man was speaking, or that he was real for that matter, because of this he only really heard the last sentence or so. 

"Old man, I am not in the mood for kicking you nor am I in the mood to be taken as a fool and be robbed of my belongings, you understand?" He tapped his sword's pommel with a thick index finger so that Bruno knew he meant it.

"Sir, I am but a fool, a circus painter and a joker - do not take my tone to be an insult, now! I entertain, that is all..." As he explained and gesticulated, Bruno also walked the circle's circumference in the direction of the other arrow - Grant did the reverse so that he maintained the same distance from the old jester. "Listen, I can see I have hurt your feelings, allow me to simply give you one free pass, uh? What say you? But just this once! I can assure you that no circus will be coming this way in quite some time, nor as great as ours..."

Grant rolled his eyes and sighted a tired sigh. 
"Now, why would there be a circus show at this time of night?"

"Why, we show ourselves in our shows at every hour of the full round day kind sir, of course, different ones. We are proud of doing so!" 

"Well -" Bruno leaned an elbow on the Round Table arrow as he was cut off by Grant.
 
"Silly lies. But I do not care so much as to interject in your dwellings - simply leave me be and I'll grant you the same gratitude old man."

"I am not as old as I look although I am older than I speak to be. I do sound, in ears, younger and older than I am depending on the company!" Bruno bowed after this gibberish and continued to walk the other half of the circle, as Grant did the same, both finishing back at their starting arrows. 

"Dui" Grant said without looking back at Bruno as he headed towards the inn. 

"The pleasure was all yours - and do say hello...!" At this point Grant was already riding away, but Bruno continued as much for Grant as for himself "... to my circus friends who are resting there hidihidihi".

As Grant launched himself, lured by the still distant sounds of leisure and rest that streamed from the inn and it's wooden comfort, he smiled a rare smile. He had been looking for alcohol, a place to rest his tired mount and another, preferably different, to rest himself, so that he could forget about his big heavy body until sunrise. Then he would sell his amulets at the town's market as he had often done through the towns he passed. Magical amulets that he acquired through perfectly legal means, of course, but don't ask him twice about that. Other things were on his mind too, "It's strikingly cold outside!" as well as "the gods made this day not one for midnight travels...", and it wasn't, not even for him. Arriving at the torch lit house, he put his dark brown jenny on its own little inn by the side of The Round Table. The other horses didn't appreciate the nuisance, everything was restless in this dense night. He felt worried about his own mount and a small prayer produced in his mind "Damned fairy month - let them steal one of the horses if they must and leave my jenny be" - thus blessing the mare against all misfortunes, at least in his heart. As he walked towards the heavy wooden doors, laughter showered him, followed by the click clacking of glasses, the tune of a lute and his player's voice, accompanied by an orchestra of roaring fires and crackling wood. Grant pushed hard against the doors. Above them, under torch light read in big red and blue wooden letters "The Round Table Inn".


Grant, having stepped in, was instantly involved by the tavern's insides - "Au!" was the first thing out of his big mouth, after a dressed monkey stomped his toes. A circus was, apparently, really in town and had clowned its way right inside the tavern. His yell was followed by two other onomatopoeias and their causal monkeys. They were wearing fisherwoman hats and held each other's hands. The monkeys jumped on a round oak table and a senseless argument among the occupants and the monkeys ensued. These baboons were followed by a person dressed in a tight green body-piece decorated with red squares. She also stepped over Grant. She ran behind the monkeys while imitating them by pursing her shiny lips and scratching her armpits. "Well, that's a lot of tavern to be stepping over my damn feet", Grant burst out loud only to have his words drown in the sea of sound that filled the tavern in volume. As he traced the clowns with his weary dark eyes he reflected over the fact that the whole ground floor of the inn was, in fact, the tavern. He saw the bard playing on a small stage in front of five full tables where mostly crooked people sat in admiration. These seemed enchanted by the bards soothing love song, about a prince and his so much desired princess, who obviously already had her hand promised to someone else, probably unworthy, older, smellier and uglier than the prince by an unmeasurable degree. Their enchantment leaped into a surprise when two circus people landed on the stage. Their surprise burst into laughter when one of these mimes pretended to be the bard by mimicking his every move, including sitting on an invisible chair - that is, after trying to sit on the bard´s lap. He mimicked and exaggerated the bard's facial expressions while his colleague attempted to balance anything he could find about the stage and surrounding tables on the mime's head and limbs. The real bard pushed forth, trying his best to transmit the melancholy and faithfulness of his song, hopefully overtaking the comedic act unfolding over his own. Grant cracked a smile at the perverse scenario forgetting about his toes and pushed his way towards the bar. The whole inn smelled like buttery popcorn even though there wasn't any. As he was getting ready to interact with the bartender a man burst through the door armed with a bow and arrow, wearing a green suit and a pointy hat with a red feather sticking out of it - "Where are you my lady!? I shall defeat the beasts who took you from me! Have no fear my pearl, for I - Nibor Doow, prince of the castles - have arrived, and I own so many, many castles". 

Behind the bar was Camelot, a bear of a woman and the owner of The Round Table. She saw Grant approaching while she served ale - "Hoi stranger, what can I get ya? Never mind the silly goons".
Grant, wanting to be heard over the music and the crowded voices, pulled his yellow hood back and yelled huskily "Hoi miss, get me fists of yer best ale, enough to drown me in peace" - "you're in light, that's the only ale we have - the best. And enough to drown a whale or two as well." 
"That is grand! Take'em to the game table will ya? That is, if you have one."  
"The best in Brimswoods as well - two shields per ale and one crown for sitten mid-game, yes? There's three old dogs and two bitches going at it already" she said while walking around the oak counter filled with drunks, "Follow my ass, but don't stare at it cause I'll feel it you cheeky bastard." She smiled with her round face and tapped her pointy nose on the side. The remark made him jolly even before the ale. The counter went for half the length of the room, stools filling it with noisy, lively people. The small stage had a couched chair where the bard sat at the center of the room. Its legs worked into ivory and flowers, the chair was the most exquisite item in the whole inn.

"Sssssun!" an arrow flew over Grants head. Nibor Doow was shooting arrows across the room until he finally hit his target. The green lady who pretended to be a monkey gave a sharp yell, a twist and a theatrical flip followed by an ugly face and "STUMP" it sounded as she hit the boarded floor. "Ahah! I've got one of you monsters! Fear me now!" he yelled as he leaped forward and embraced one of the baboons, confusing it for his princess. "Worry not and cry no longer my clam, for I have saved you! And you'll have so many, many castles, one for each color of the rainbow!" The monkey kissed him on the lips and everybody laughed. "Do these nitwits even know what night it is today?" - Camelot looked back at Grant's incredulous face while his body squeezed through tables "Ups, excuse me - uh - behen'ya. Well, they do - Ugh, sorry - that's why they are here and drunk. For protection."
Grant looked at Camelot's butt to test an hypothesis he had and followed her to the game table. To get there they had to walk towards the furthest fireplace which sat in the far most corner of the room. On their way, Grant saw an enormous man laughing very hard, looking like a red balloon, full and ready to burst - his friends howled and cried, hitting the table and each other in hopes to cease their laughing attack. Another table, three bearded woman sat in a triangle and stared at Grant as he passed by, having stopped their words abruptly - "BANG!" Grant looked back at the sound of broken wood and saw the big man rolling on the floor - now laughing purple. A shrimp that had been lodged in his throat but had been expelled by his abrupt fall now laid on his forehead. His mates were crying and trying not to piss themselves. Camelot's butt pushed a full grown man right out of his seat and onto the floor. "Oh by the gods, let me help'yup fella" she turned at Grant while she helped the confused man up - "I don'know where ye're from, but around here, drinken is our way of avoiding the little bitches miasmes. It worked for ma granda and it sure works for the folk now." Grant grunted. It was a screwed up night. People often died or disappeared. Not many, but Grant knew about it even though he was not from Brimswoods. At the moment, he wasn't from anywhere really, but it was all the same to him. At least the Inn was merry. 

At the counter, very merry indeed, sat an old wizard. No one knew he was a wizard and he wanted to keep it that way. His name was Leopoldino of Schrödinger the Feynman. But everyone knew him by Leopold and that he did not mind, for the name of a wizard is quite a powerful thing in the right hands and thrice as powerful in the wrong ones. The magician had more deeper and pungent secrets to keep as well - he put these in two boxes: one stored in his heart and the other in his head.  Apart from himself, only a child and his mother had the keys to these boxes, as good old tradition and sound practice advised. In this specially dark night, much like in every other moon washed night before it, Leopold was sitting at the bar and telling jokes to whoever sat nearby, even if just to himself - he didn't mind. In fact, sometimes, it was preferable - for he was such a good listener, and smart as well. So no small detail or reference was wasted on him. 
He was drunk, of course. And his black velvet cape glittered in the fire light like a thousand galaxies dripping from the milky way. It would have tasted like honey if the eye had palate. 
"What does a Jew, a catholic priest and a movie director have in common?" Leopoldino's cheeks were red as apples. As usual, the drunks who sat at the counter with him answered the question with another question - all other people gasped at the never ending interruptions that made Leopoldino's jokes funny for all the wrong reasons.
"Wait, a chew? What does that mean? Chewing what?"

"No, it is a person, for the heavenly library's sake. Jew!"
"Oh, easy man. Don'go on summoning the scribin programmers for notin'. So, - A Jew! -, Is a person then? Like a name o' somon?"
"No, the word 'Jew' is a diminutive of the word Jewish - indicating the person's faith, which comes from the word 'Judaism' - the religion." - hiccup - "Like, like.. Like, you who probably believes in your gods of potatoes and water? Well, Jews believe in a singular creator and all of that mess - but moving on. What do you think they -"
"So, wait, wait, a different faith!? But ther' only be the three gods or may the great Tree of Erin eat me whole! What be you speakin!"
"..."
"And, wait, wait, wait..." - another said with a beginner's enthusiasm and confidence - "What is a 'catoholic' then? Don tell me it is a person who gets drunk on cats? I knew ye'd get sick if they poo on ye but drunk!?" Leopoldino's smile dropped to a frown and everybody laughed explosive laughs.
"You know what? I am done! With, with, with... With all of you!" - hiccup - "All different but equally the same! You are written and drawn by the same heavy shaky hand." Leopold said while enacting this with his own hand. "You only possess different faces, one uglier than the next, because the hand quavered so much. You're all iterations of the same biographical self portrait of poo! Now leave me to drink my drink and you drink yours or I'll do it for you." Leopold turned fast, straightening his cape by pulling it out from under his bottom and frowned solemnly at his dark golden drink that fizzed in a thick quartz crystal beer stein. The lid was ornamented with little silver cherubs that held its tip as if ready to lift it or close it at their master's command - this was his own personal stein which he proudly kept at the inn for presentation purposes. Everyone else drank from either glass or dark yellow porcelain steins and mugs. His, pressed hard on the shinny wood counter and everyone surrounding Leopold continued their long laugh having managed the funniest joke out of him - to make him miserably annoyed. 

Exactly on the other side of the room, sitting at the round granite table, Grant was accompanied by two fisherwomen. They were passing and puffing on a purple wooden pipe and sat with their legs crossed. Their toasted skin kissed by the sun revealed their trade immediately to Grant, although their way with words would've done this as well - fisherwomen were gifted with explicitness and nimbleness in their language - a good laugh could last minutes and stay with you for days or make you shiver and hide in your shell like a hermit crab.
"...Regina was her name. That lobster licker, I tell you I haven't had that much fun in high sea since - "
"Shhhh! Yer husband, Junia! He's right there!" Junia, who was in her late 70's, turned back so quickly that she almost fell off her chair. Her husband was, of course, not behind her. In fact her husband had been dead for years now and she was mostly fine with that, but sometimes she had to be reminded of it.
She turned back towards her fisher friend slowly and spoke from under a smiling grin: 
"Oh, you sea cow! Yer seeing ghosts aren't ye then?" Junia's insult just made Sophia's laugh more cheerfully. She smacked Junia's old wrinkly leg like an old mate would and apologized.
"Continue then, I love your stories of younger times, chasing for those skirt-mussels. I won't stop'ya no more, promise on old Burt's skinny soul".  Junia lit the pipe with a match, slowly, and puffed a few times from it. A rich lavender cloud immersed her amber lit face and soon the whole table was involved in deep smog. Deeper crevices filled her face with heaviness. Like rivers flowing towards two blue seas, her eyes pulled you in through those chasmic tracks of old.
"You scabbardita, yer just jealous of not having known my coral in its golden age -".
"Scented of ripe sea bass it did, likely, likely" Sophia interjected.
" - a pinch of salt, olive oil and mashed potatoes and you got yourself a king's meal!" Junia completed. 
"Yeah, yeah, truly a Milena, weren't ya? Move on!"  
"Aargh, where was I? ... Regina! Yes. She had been smokin too much of these happy flowers and on that night, when she walked home, she heard an elder tree. It was tellin her to crawl inside of it! By the gods, like all'ya boys want to do to me, you see! Well, like ye fellas, she wasn't right of mind. She climbed in it through a hole big enough to fit an orgy of squirrels. And then the bitch was so gone that she fell asleep in there! Old Pattrick happened to be walkin nearby, on his way to the apple market or somethen and heard her screams. He had to hack her out of it with his ripe arms and sharp axes. She was on a fit for weeks! You explain that then boy."

"Well miss..." The rationale of the boy was nullified by Leopold, who, to no one's surprise, had sat on the table without speaking a word. He was good at the game and he usually played it before the night was done. Seeing that there were finally six players, the right amount to play the game, and without thinking much of it, Grant bended across the cold table to grab the deck of cards that sat at the center of it, right next to a polished crystal ball. A gloomy yellowed thing they were, an old pack of 78 cards. With bent rims and pearly insides that darkened towards the edges, an ale stain here and there - these cards had served the inn for a long time.
"You were saying thoughtful boy," Leopold said, addressing the farm hand with his voice while his gaze fixated the crystal ball.
"Well, yes. Well, miss, I don know bout no speakin trees. But I figure I just take it too be true either way. If the gods can strike me if I don and I can be struck if I do, I'll just take it to be on their side...". Grant interjected saying that he was going to hand cards, the table agreed and so he did. 
"Hoi Ron, ye fish-head, the gods shall smack ye indeed if ye go on speakin like that!" Junia spat as she spoke while three cards were handed to her: three with their backs up - the blind hand, or last hand - and three cards with their backs facing down, on top of the blind hand - the gold rush, to be played only when the deck and the players hand was empty. And then another three cards - the players hand.
"They might very well have put me hiere just to pound on ya myself, if yer lucky enough!". She leaned closer to him as she spoke.
Regina's breath, marinated for decades in tobacco and fish, had already lodged itself in his nose when the waiter, 16, skinny and beautiful, dropped ale on Grant's lap. Boy farmer Ron had, unbeknownst to himself, tripped the poor waiter with his foot. Grant didn't care much, he was drunk, thinking of bed sheets and how Sophia had already met his eyes more times than chance warrants. But she, the youngest fisherwoman, reacted from instinct and the words raced ahead of her thoughts. 
"Oh you shit-ricker! Are you a farm hand then? Pay attention to yer job, hey? I should make ye dance atop the sharks naked and stupid with fear, maybe then ye learn how to walk, huh?" The boy was red as a tomato.
"Sir, I am sorry!" the waiter boy deplored and impulsively reached for Grants groin with a towel. Grant pushed his hand away immediately and roared:
"Just give me that ragged thing for the goddess sake! And bring me another one boy!"
"Yes sir, on the house sir, yes!" the waiter exclaimed as he shuffled away as quickly as he could.
"I meant a towel, boy!" but he was already on his way.
As the boy left, the oldest fisherwoman spoke, rowdy and nasty.
"If I ever doubted a son'a mine was like that I'd send his ass while it was still tight to the high seas, together with the ladies. Grabbing a men like that. Uh. A month or two as the only stick a board and they'd cling to him like limpets cling to hard rock. The boy'd come back straighter than a board." Ron laughed but Grant felt miserable. The words "avoid confrontation" echoed over and over again, hitting the walls of his mind until he felt the fire that singed his insides withering down. Once his inwards were flimsy enough for him to be confident again he sat down and extinguished the fire by asking for whoever had the lowest card to play first, as the rules commanded - Sophia looked at the table. "I have the three, anyone else?" Leopold also had one but didn't mind - Sophia playing first meant that he'd go last and that was a good thing in this game. He hinted at her to play, with a friendly smile from under his beard.  
Sophia played her three of moons - a large smiling blue moon adorned the center of the card and smaller moons with derpy faces, each representing a phase, filled the corners of the card.
Grant's eyes met Sophia's for the dozenth time, she was teasing him. And then the fifth player at the table, a young man dressed in nice linen, spoke.
"Is the boy a whore?" The man looked too serious for no one to answer him.
Old Junia spoke in a cloud of smoke "Well, yes. The waiter boy's name's Alphonse. And he's the boy whore of the inn. For a bunch'a'coins heel do ya, you do him, all'a that."
"Fascinating" the lined man declared from under his brow. 
"What are you barking about" Junia shot at him while Ron threw his card at the center of the table - a low card, nine of coins, but higher than the six of death that Junia had played.
"Surely you know the word - hallucinatory - perhaps from hitting that gorgeous pipe of yours. What I am saying is that I do not know how his life must be". Cigarette smoke cascaded upwards from his mouth into his nostrils as he spoke, then up it went like a bat nesting in the dark wooden ceiling of the tavern. "So young as well! What game life is. And we, all pawns of different hues, just doing our things". He gesticulated flamboyantly, cigarette waving like a wand balanced between his index and middle fingers.
"I'll hit you with the hallucinatory pipe if ye don start makin sense ye bastard. What be yer name then, oh great lined tongue?" She stuck out her pipe at him reprehensibly but the table was smiling.
"My name is Mcthrow. And I mean no disrespect, of course, sea lady." He played with his cigarette hand and spoke while skimming through his cards. He went for a wizard of love, a cartoonish old man with a pointy red hat winking from the card's center - this was bigger than king Harry or king Charles, but smaller than witches, unicorns and dragons.
"Well sir Mcthrow, I'll throw ye into the deep seas if ye speak to me like that again. Calling me hallucina... how about that? Yer not scared of fisherwoman's magic? Some say we can make naughty men sleep walk towards the waves. And the water silences the foolish very well!"
"I wouldn't mind drowning on your ocean if you forgive my lined tongue. Lady Junia... I am but arguing that you are a fisherwoman, and is that not the case? - and very good at being one if I can say it myself, I assume"
"I am a cat of the seas, yes." Leopold spinned the card he knew he would play between his dumb and index finger while he waited his turn. Grant had to play first. He was fortunate enough to have a wizard himself, this time with a black pointy hat but the same smirk. His was of fire and the naipe was decorated with red flames around the picture. Grant in his drunken stupor forgot to draw a card from the deck after playing which prompted Sophia to kick him under the table - he corrected his mistake in time for no one to call him out.
"Then, you admit to having taken this idea of a fisherwoman like a glass takes to water, shaping yourself according to the fisherwoman type without a choice. You have fisherwoman habits and learned fisherwoman skills. You're no longer just Junia who does what Junia does - you are Junia the fisherwoman, and therefore predictable for anyone who knows the fisherwoman type. Words are predictable. Even though you see ther... Ahahahahah." He laughed when Junia flicked him off with both hands and took a deep drag from her pipe. Gold and silver liced her every finger, gold on the left hand and silver on the right.
"Did ye predict this then?" And the table howeled. Leopold played his unicorn of moons with a flourish - and since the unicorn was higher than the highest card Sophia had - a Harry of suns, illustrated by a knight in golden armour garnished with a smirking sun on its chest plate, she had to pick up all the cards which set her back behind everyone else at the table.
"You old fart, I swear to the gods..." Sophia vexed.
"Come on now, no need to hurt an old man's feelings over a game of luck!" Leopold laughed.
"And Mr. lined tongue, I don't think any 16 year old boy would take to being a prostitute like water takes to the glass. If your intent was in justifying something...".
"My intent was only to let out how much it fascinates that I could predict that boys... occupation." 
As the game progressed Grant's vision kept trailing behind the waiter boy. Alphonse worked hard and quickly. What would it be like to be Alphonse? How did it feel? Leopold's husky low voice entered Grant's ear and he found himself back at the table. 
"Well, it's a programming language that -" Leopold was telling Ron about reality.
"What do you mean by programming?"
"- Well... I mean what I said and what I meant by what I said is that you can define behavior through conditions in a very well constructed formal language. You see, logic -"
"No, I don' see it, ye're speakin in tongues man. What do you mean old man. Do you mean magik?"
"Well now, I'm younger than I look -"
"And clever as a crow, but what ye're sellin me here for gold are just pebbles. Don' take me for a dumbwit. Now thread carefully man, explain yer'self"
"Okay, okay. Well now..." He tapped his lips with an index finger while he skimmed for words.
"Listen then. What I am failing to enlighten you about is the nature of reality dear Bob and how everything is constructed over simple primitives."
"For the last time my name is Ron. Ye speak of the ether recipe..?" The farmer boy insinuated.
"Exactly so, exactly so. Let me use then scripture, song and faith tales."
"That's what ye should'o'done in the first place!"
"Yes, yes - my fault. I'm an old horse. So, in the great library - "
"Where tiles are inscribed with tales, and the shelves are long deep seas of gold!" Junia expressed with exaggerated excitement.
"..."
"You seem to know the tale quite well Junia."
"... Me ma taught me letter and number with it at the table when I was just a lil seed."
"Well then, a nice ma you had. Did she then tell you about the books on these shelves?"
"She needed not to - a library is full a books - that I knew and everybody knows - ya don'need to see one."
"Very good. But then let me tell you Bob - the ether recipe is written in those very books. Books that only one of the gods can read, and even that one needs glasses to do so. And in these books the letters and numbers are different from the ones your ma taught you, Gina - these are written in the code that underlies nature - maths! The rules for how to make everything in the world Bob - the wielder of which can create anything - you see how library sounds very similar to liberty? This is why that is so. The library gives you the knowledge to liberate you from dumbness. Soon enough solutions start popping in your corn brain Ron. It's like you're better at reality when you read. And this is people scripture we're talking about - think about the freedom that would come with knowing the language of the world."
"And if ye could read them ye could understand anything uh?" Ron asked.
"Anything Bob. And if you could write in them you could make anything become true as well! What would you write about Bob?"
"Gold and bitches me lord! All of them for me! Ahahahahah!" 
"Charming Bob."
"Hey, I told'ye, me'name's not Bob , it is -"
"Ron, yes yes. I know Bob, it's just an expression. Gold and bitches, you'd be a poet if these were other times..."
The game continued on, as did swearing, yelling and laughing. Leopold was very drunk now. He was staring at the crystal ball that sat at the centre of the table. There was no more deck to take cards from and so the table was playing their last hands before picking up their gold hands. This was a losing game. You didn't win by finishing first, you lost by finishing last. The loser would then have to pay depending on the arranged agreement which was always in multiples of six: six times the entry fee, twelve times the entry fee, and so on.  
"What is that for anyways?" Ron asked, feeling suspicious after having lost the last hand himself. Grant answered his question. 
"Well Bob - Ron, my boy farmer Ron . . . That brilliant sphere is for doing... MAGIK. It's a myth of course. I personally am of the belief that it is a symbol for luck and how much it plays into the game." Leopold chuckled, then giggled and finally screamed shrieks of laughter.
"The man has gone mad" Junia said to Sophia, empathetic smiles forming in their faces.
"Boys and Girls, that clear ball of ages old is for seeing who's damned enough to cheat at games of luck. It has spells on it that curse the cheater by showing them on it. You do have to be a wizard to see it, but that is the way of things". Mcthrow stared at the other players very seriously. And then broke his façade with a roar of laughter.
"You don't really believe in magik do you Leopold?" The linen man dared to ask while wiping his funny tears with a white handkerchief.
"Uh? What is that Mr. Mcthrow? Magik and belief in the same sentence don't go well together. I don't believe in it of course."
"Right... I mean, a man of your knowledge would clearly -"
"I don't believe in it, for the same reason that you don't have to believe that your hands and feet are yours, or that you can't eat this solid table, nor drink your own suit. There's no belief involved" Leopold was gravely serious.
"And allow me to say that one of you has been cheating for the entirety of this game".
"Leopold have you gone mad - no one would cheat at the magic table, the Gods see all." Junia said, getting ready to play her card. Sophie stopped her from playing.
"Are ye serious right now Leo?"
"I am."
Suddenly Grant jumped to his feet. He leaped over the table in one fluid motion, throwing cards everywhere. Junia made a comical attempt at grabbing his leg. Everyone got up except for Leopold - he was looking at Mcthrow:
"Aren't you going to do something man?!"
Sophie's angry face bloomed into confusion when she realized what was happening - Grant was running towards a group of people. The people were men. And in the middle of them laid Alphonse. She hadn't noticed it happening. A group of five farmers were punching and kicking Alphonse. One of them, a young broad shouldered guy, had cut Alphonse's clothes and was ripping them off of him. None realized that a huge mass was running towards them at full throttle. When Grant's body met the group of men, the result was explosive. The sound of the six men falling was enough to make the inn stop. Alphonse had dragged himself under a table and Camelot was yelling and threatening the entangled ball of man that fought on the floor. One of the men was gone - either dead or out cold from sheer force of the initial impact. Amidst the mess, a hunter knife was produced from one of the man's garments. Grant didn't see him quickly enough. But just before the knife was about to sink in his back Leopold let out a whisper, still from the game table: "Higgidy hoggidy boop" - and everyone inside the inn froze in time. Objects included - the knife that the farmer threatened to stab Grant with was hanging mid-air, as were some glasses, ale cascading down statically and awkwardly.

Leopold reasoned as he got up with some stiffness.
"You fools. For 100 years no one had made me so worked up for so little.". He sighted.
"You bunch of drunks - do you know how expensive memory spells are? Damn no, you don't. Damn it, damn it! Shit."
Leopold kicked a chair. He proceeded to produce a pointy velvety hat from thin air. He didn't place the black cone atop his head.
He was walking back and forth between the group of men while thinking and speaking, mostly to himself.
"Hibbity Gobbity tit? No, no, no... How was it? How? Gobly Goopty Tut? Pffffff... Okay, fine."
"Before I do it, you idiots, this is Grant. The Hand? How that didn't ring all the bells in your tiny brains is besides me. Grant the freaking Hand of the army. The legendary warrior that disappeared after cutting the blockist army in half? I mean he has the ugly soldier tattoo right there, right in his forearm - terrible job by the way, at hiding it sir Grant. But I suppose with so many eyes and stars it is not an easy task. But oh well. I can't have you going mad in here for this is my inn, and every wizard has their own. Well, this is mine. And you wouldn't shit where you eat right? Well, I wouldn't let the God-touched have a fit and destroy my lair either. Or the whole village for that matter." Grant felt it, the old wizard was right. Fighting had the memories steering and yelling.
Leopold pulled a chair and sat on it, setting his feet on top of someone's back - one of the man Grant fell on and that had been frozen while attempting to get himself up. Leopold took a small red pouch from inside of his hat and placed the cone on his knee. He set the tobacco pouch on his lap and started rolling a cigarette from its contents. While he rolled everyone in the room thought. Grant knew there were many assassins that would gladly try their luck at getting him, not despite but because of the legend of his prowess. Was Leopold interested in gold...?  Nonsense! He was a wizard, and wizards need no gold. Now, why would he openly declare it to everyone in the inn on this night of all nights? Was he trying to get him killed? Why? Grant supposed it was alright. By the Gods, he knew he deserved it. He felt calmer, the spell helped - it made his body numb. Sophie - he couldn't see her from where he was laying - only the wooden ceiling hovering above him - or was he hovering under it? He relished the thought of having Sophie - not the image but the possibility - filled him with bliss.
Leopold lit his cigarette with the tip of his index finger on which a small pink flame danced for a moment. He exhaled the smoke through his nostrils - like a tired dragon.
"Can't even remember spells and shit... I'm getting old I suppose. And I suppose I'll have to then... -" Leopold pushed himself up and placed his cigarette on the chair. With one hand he held the conical hat vertically and with the other he reached inside of it. His arm went deep inside the hat, and then it went deeper than the hat did. He searched for a bit, then seemed to grasp at something. He pulled with apparent effort and soon he started to sweat and heave, and pull, and heave, and pull until, finally, a form started to emerge inside the velvet cone which made everyone that could see it jitter, including himself. A muffled sound leaked from the bag, a yell and then "What the shit!" - Leopold pulled a final time spilling the swearing contents of the hat on the floor - a fat cherub with golden locks and soft small wings was squirming and swearing at Leopold "You old bastard, they will know that you pulled me out again! You can't! You haven't the right, Feynman! Let me go!"
"Oh calm down you imbecile - Stop twitching! I need the key and then I'll set you free, Gods be damned" The angel flapped his wings like a wild eagle fighting for its life. It tried to bite Leopold, and when it couldn't it swore and cursed at the old wizard, kicking and screaming. Leopold finally managed to grab the cherub by the wings:
"I will call your name if you don't stop, you baby!"
"You wouldn't dare! You bastard! You would not dare!"
"I will if you don't stop!"
The angel fell limp and whimpering on the floor. Leopold followed, panting, laying next to it. "What the heck do you want either way Leopold, you asshole" "The key, the damned key you little prick. I need my memories, I am old and done." "Oh" "Yeah, hurry up then" "I was bathing in sweet oil while dryads sang to me Leopold, their song would make any mortal jizz themselves immediately. And you pull me from your smelly hat like a shitting rabbit for this? You old sad man." "NAMIEL" Leopold squawked the cherubs name as loud as he managed. "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" The babies body froze to a halt. "I order you to give me my key. But first summon my mother..." Leopold was sweating. He spoke stoically now. Without a word or motion of any sort Namiel invoked the spirit. Sophie was mesmerized, sitting at the game table from where she saw the summoning - it wasn't what she had dreaded. Leopold's mother, or whatever that person was, simply appeared there. She wasn't see through, or terribly scary, or floating or anything special. She was rather beautiful though, with long ginger hair and a fair face. She was also younger than Leopold by at least 30 years. Leopold looked her in the eyes. "Shit, hey. The key mother, I need the key." The spirit smiled a weary faint smile and moved towards Leopold slowly, her long wavy white dress covering her bare feet. Leopold's mother reached into his chest while the floating cherub used his baby fat hands to penetrate Leopold's head. Both of their hands went in Leopold as if through jelly and came out with two small black boxes. "Go, do it." Both beings produced silver keys, adorned with ivory and clams. They opened each other's black boxes, freeing Leopold's memories. A second after, he knew everything, again. For the third time in his life he had to unlock his memories. Too much stuff to handle, that's why he locked them in the first place. The truth and the understanding about himself and of reality was in those boxes. But this was important - this was his lair, his home and he had to bring things to normality again, for his own sake. For tomorrow's Leopold, so that he could enjoy the safety and comfort of the inn while patiently and ignorantly awaiting for some end. He needed the memory erasing spell which ironically he had forgotten all about. "..." Leopold sighted. Then started to cry. Until he wailed and sobbed and couldn't breathe no more. His mother tried to comfort him to no avail, because her hands would just sink into him, never really touching Leopold's physical body. He sighted, cleaning his face with his night cape and smiled at her failed efforts. Then Leopold cleared everyone's memory of the event and banished Grant and the group of drunk men from the inn with his magic.. "Ram Pum Tim, Mit Mup Mar - such a simple thing, trivial Leopold, it was trivial" He lectured himself. A flash followed and the memories faded once again. Leopolds and everyone else's together vanished from the inn as did Namiel and the ghost. Reality continued as per usual, for drunks and sober people alike. Junia looked at Leopold who was sitting in front of her, again, at the game table and exclaimed. "I think you pissed my pants Leopold, you cheeky cunt" Leopold chuckled "oh my oh my, do you need help there Junia?" "Junia!" Sophie helped the old woman up to take her to her room on the inn's third floor. "You're worse than a babe goddamn me, come on now" "I didn't do it! That old cricket did it I tell you - ahahahahah" "Oh jeez." Leopold looked down at his hands. He noticed that his ring marked three. A rush of adrenaline kissed his body from head to toes. "Fuck me - not again" Outside of the inn Grant laid unconscious on the mud while the group of drunk men stumbled to their feet. "Shit, me foot. I think me foot is broken!" "Ye wuss, ye want me to carry ye Lary?" "Screw ye John, I think it's really broken! What the damned troglodyte!" "Shit, my head hurts" A third one admitted. "Ye girls need is ale, more of it, all of it in yer pieholes" "Wait, it's that..." "Is that a fucking donkey?" "Nah, no way." Lary tried to walk on his broken foot. "Aaaaah, shit, shit, shit, my foot. I can't" "Ahahahahaha, ok Lary, comeon I ma help ye mate ahahahahah" "Put me down Bron! You arse, put me down potato head!"
"A donkeys arse? ahahahahaha" He placed Lary on top of the donkey, led it out of its stable and slapped it hard on the rear. "Get well soon Lary! Ahahahahah" Lary yelled some more obscenities as Grant's jenny galloped away into the night's mist. The group of men walked inside the inn laughing gravely and shoving each other. 

When Grant woke up, drunk and slow, he supposed he had gotten so drunk that he must have done something awful inside the inn that he was thrown out. He was about to leave when he realized his jenny was missing. He searched and searched, looking each horse on the face. After looping through the horses for the third time he was convinced that his donkey had been eaten by fairies. He started zig-zagging in no particular direction. "Oh by the Gods - hiccup - why? Why my Jenny and not their horses... They have more meat to them, their smell is - hiccup - stronger and they're louder... Oh jenny, they ate you. Oh my Gods, they ate you." A single tear formed and streamed down his rough muddy face. "Those hovering bastards, I swear to you - hiccup - I'll - hiccup - I'll get their shrunken kings and queens. And I'll make soup out of them!" Grant walked and walked with no destination in mind. He walked until he found he was no longer drunk and sleep fell on him like an iceberg. Notwithstanding its weight, he laid down right there and then. He laid his back on a cold grass bed and his consciousness drifted with the breeze to a far away place, releasing him from his lousy bulky body. 

                                                * * *

Leopold won the game of cards even though Mr. lined tongue cheated. A spell that caused prefused diarrhea was arguably a soft punishment when compared with what Leopold had seen done to cheaters in his time. While the mimes played pretend musical instruments on the stage, the bard drank his ale bitterly while focused on avoiding having his eyes cross the mime's. He clutched his loote close to his chest. Some drunks tried to cheer him up, clasping at his shoulder and speaking words of praise rather loudly to his ear as well as ideas for new ballads. He drank and stared at the carved stool in silence.

Alphonse, realizing that his clothes were sheathing off of him4, ran to the latrine. He bumped shoulders with a fisherwoman who was coming out. “Hey! Careful not to piss yourself, boy”.
Alphonse couldn't understand what the hell was happening to his garments. The more he tried to keep his clothes on, the more they fell apart. 
The fisherwoman was friends with a group of drunk man and after sitting at her table, next to them, decided to complain about the whore boy.
'That bitch servant threw his shoulder at me, can ye believe the shit?'
'That little prick ahahah. Gave you all the pipi chinks - are ye itchen down there hoi?'..
Leslie, the fisherwoman, threw a pretend punch at her big bald drunk friend.
'Hoi, I should've punched him stupid.'
'Let's get that little ass then. Ye can still see da'boy takin'a dump, Leslie.'
'Yeah, ye want that little ass clean don'ya Tod? Ye'll have to fight Gil for it though won't he Gil?'
Gil stood up without a word, instead, a grin crossed his long carved face.

Alphonse, somehow, ending up naked plus his shoes, leaped to close the door and saw big Gil getting up from his table and coming his way followed by his drunk mates. A dull chill grabbed his spine. He felt his stomach sink. But before intimite trauma got a hold of him or the familiar panic got a chance to pin him down to the piss spotted stone floor, Alphonse ran and jumped through one of the small latrines out onto the cold night air. His small slender body could easily fit through the parallelepipedal window. Wet grass tickled his ankles as he ran towards the dimmely moon lit forest of Brimswoods.

Grant woke up with smooth jazz dripping from his ears. His head was bursting with it. Where was he? In a panic he leaped up on his feet and looked left and right - no one. The jazz kept dripping, a silky piano melody accompanied by a sensual saxophone that made Grant's vision blue. He didn't know how to feel or what it was or where it came from. "Behind you!" his mind growled at him over the music - he turned back hastily. Nothing but empty dark space, an abyss - he was standing on top of a green cliff. He fell asleep there - how? He couldn't remember much of the previous night, but the fact that his jenny was gone, eaten by fairies - "Damned fairies..." he blinked slowly and turned back. In front of him stood the thick woods - Brimswoods, dense with magic. The sweet solos kept leaking from Grants head and there was no one around him. The sound was coming from within his skull. He felt dizzy, his mind spinning, his stomach stretching up and down, and then he fell on his ass. "What the hell is this!? WHO'S SPELL IS THIS!? WHERE ARE YOU? SHOW YOURSELF!" Grant yelled to the night, smothering the music for a moment with his howl. But the night answered only with crickets and wind. The song was louder now. Grant breathed in. Nothing wrong per se was happening albeit the unexplained sound and the hangover. He sat there, looking at the stars for a while. Then, for the first time, he actually listened to the tones. His head started slowly bobbing back and forth and then to the rhythmic sound of the brushes whisking the snare drum. Grant had no words or mental pictures to explain what he was hearing - just the raw feeling the music generated in him. Minutes passed and as he became less anxious he dove in the juvenile adventure of perceiving new things. The awareness of a new feeling, that children are so often privileged with, permeated Grant from head to toe. He closed his eyes for a sweet while. He felt silly at first but moving his body to the ascending and descending scales brought him joy, physically and mentally. He smiled and tapped the green carpet with his foot and hands to the sound in his ears. He barely had a choice. A long piano solo played through Grant's body, softening and massaging it. And then, suddenly, a rush of adrenaline hit his chest, prompting him to blink.

Being a veteran, Grant's body didn't believe in interminable moments of leisure. He stared ahead at the massive woods. And then he saw her. Like a dense star radiating desire, the body emerged from the night under the woodland trees. It was love at first sight. She looked perfect - a foggy and dreamy vision. A beautiful brush of paint amidst a terrifying arch of black trees, presenting her with hundreds of naked arms, pointing at her at awkward angles. The pieces didn't quite fit together. Even though Grant tried to solve the puzzle, sentiment soon took over his mind and reasoning ceased. His last defence was triggered: muscle memory and instinctive reflex - his hands clutched the grass as if to say "stop", constraining him. But a lightness dropped over his back like a warm cloak and he stood up and started walking towards the beaming presence. He had a raging boner and a matching uncontrollable desire for the silhouetted curves. The arms of the being slowly stretched out as if to embrace Grant. His brain was flushed, drowning in endorphins and jazz. The song was more violent now. Faster. Sticks were hitting the drums instead of the previous whisks, the saxophone was raw and piercing, and the piano raced up and down the scale, quickly and unpredictably. Grant held no thought and felt pure devotion. Like a bear rushing to protect its cubs, he broke into a run. With blinding lust filling his every pore, he felt like a virgin right before their first time, staring. He reached for her and at her bare touch, an explosion - his eyes rolled back, his lips involved by its. His soul recoiled. And then he wasn't there anymore. The being involved an unconscious Grant with its translucid dress and hissed and puffed under his weight. 

Alphonse saw all of it from behind a thick goat that slowly rummaged nearby. 
 
It started dragging Grant in the direction of the enchanted woods. With every other pull, a fairy or two fell from the hive. Like leaves propelled by a hurricane, they'd fly right back towards the assembly again. Grant was wrapped in the mesmerizing spell of the fairies. The agglomeration was going to eat him alive as it had done thousands of times before to a thousand different wanderers, travellers, drunks and vagabonds. 

Alphonse realized what he was doing quite too late - he took off as fast as his legs allowed, as he felt he should have because he was scared shitless. But the thing was, he was running in the wrong direction - instead of away from the nightmarish vision, he was racing towards it! And, while swinging a big pointy tree branch above his head and with his penis flopping left and right, as he understood the mess he was in, naked and afraid, he could only but scream a high-pitched war cry and hope he could hit the damned thing hard enough.

The monsters didn't see the swing coming. The tree hit the perfect body across the chest and a dozen fairies were crushed to death on impact, dropping to the floor limply. The shape of the body conceded and folded around Alphonse's make-shift bat as he fell forward, dragged by the momentum of his adrenaline-fueled swing. The sexy hour-glass body that Grant found irresistible seconds before manifested its true form now - a lump of small people-shaped flying bloodsucker demons. The deformed aggregate struggled to keep moving as a unit. Less heroic fairies would fly away, deserting the hive, as the melting monster dragged itself towards Alphonse. He was kneeling, hugging a bruised knee. Hearing the buzzing of the fairies wings, he looked behind to see the horrible shape. He spasmed and fell on his back. The messed up torso towered over him, with wings covering its body from head to toe, shinning hand-sized scales. He screamed his lungs out and threw his arms, covering his face as the monster got closer. He was being dragged towards the woods. The arms of the monster had split at the wrist and tens of fairies little arms pulled him by his feet. He kicked and threw fists full of the earth at the thing but it had no eyes nor did it let go of its tight dozens of grips. His back was scratched and slightly torn by sticks and stones - he realized he was naked and probably bleeding when darkness followed. Thick treetops, where the moon could not shine, filled his view and thus the truth was concealed once more. Away from the light, the monstrous clump of meat-eating fairies was whole again and Alphonse, who had never felt excited about a woman before, found himself under the miasm of the fairies. Their magic kicked in again, and he went from braking his nails trying to clinch at the floor, to crawling towards the magnificent being instead. His screams faded into moans as jazz-filled his ears. And then the being kissed him, drinking his blood.

As quickly as he had fallen under the miasma, he was out of it again and terror came rushing in. He fell to the floor for the third time, drained and drowsy, and the fairy hunk stood above him, motionless this time. Alphonse covered his eyes from the bright light that emerged from the body's head. Grants large fist had punched through the head of the fairy monster and clasped the fairy queen who had been sitting at the core of the nest. She was shining like a bright star in the night sky. Grants fist thrust back and out of the head and the fairy body exploded - houndreds of fairies flying in every direction as the deafening sound of wings snapped and bounced on the treetops.

Grant, grabbing and lifting Alphonse under his arm, sprinted out of the woods towards the moon light again, fairies trailing behind at speed. 

Once under the clear light, he slided, dropped Alphonse on the floor, and turning towards the fairies, he stuck out his closed fist and roared.
'Get any closer and I'll squish her!' The swarm of fairies stopped just under the tree shadows, their little faces looked perky and angry, sharp teeth shinning a pearly glow.
'Now! You'll do as I say won't you? That's what I thought. Miss queen of the obese here is starting to weight my arm down so bring me your magic junk, all of it, and quickly! I swear to the gods I'll rip her head off with my teeth - RIGHT THIS SECOND!' The fairy queen let out a sharp shirp and half of the fairies disappeared into the woods.
'... Are you still there Alphonse? I see they've eaten your clothes, uh?' The queen fairy was slightly larger than the rest, and ten times as fat. Inspecting the fairies that laid lifelessly on the floor next to them, Alphonse could see that they looked very slender, pale and wore rags made of different patterned fibers. They looked like beautiful tiny woman. He felt sick and avoided looking at the dead bodies by turning to Grant.
'Yes, I suppose. Ar'ya okay? What has happened - my head is a'turnin circles, hoi.'
'They drank a bunch of your blood, really - here, reach for my pocket and -'. Grant took off his long cape with his free hand and dropped it on Alphonse's lap.
'Cover yourself before you freeze - there's bread on the pocket. You should eat it, it will make you feel better'.
'Thank ye, sir.'
The fat fairy queen was bitting Grants hand but even its sharp teeth just barely scratched Grants rough leader-like skin.
The rest of the fairies emerged from the woods. Slowly, the swarm opened a passage and a trail of fairies brought Grant a magical object, one after the other.
'Holy shit - sir Grant, what r'they holdin?'
'That Alphonse, that's gold. Those are relics - some enchanted, most just shiny, some older than people and others stolen from their food just this week, maybe. And I'll sell them in the city tomorrow and buy more ale and happiness with it. Which reminds me - you see that dumb looking goat there? The thick one you were hiding behind? This is probably a good time to go get the thick goat.'
'Ok'.
The fairies would, one by one, leave their precious objects at Grants feet. They were visibly agitated and everytime they tried to touch their queen after dropping their item. To this the queen would simply bark and the fairy would quickly fly back to the swarm. Grant was very pleased with himself. He kept trying to look the fairies in the eye - the fairies that almost ate him, but most of them weren't interested in further humiliation.
Alphonse sat next to him, petting the goats back as it happily chew grass audibly.

The last fairy placed its heavy medalion on top of the pyramid of items that filled the flanel bag. The bulky gold string spiraled down under the weight of the hexagon medalion as the fairy opened her tiny hands and let go of the chain.
'Okay then - Alphonse you'll want to sit on the goat now. Take the bag and grasp it as if it was your life. Well, it is'.
'Aye Sir'.
Then turning to the fairies, he bowed while sneakily reaching for back of his pants.
'Well dear fairies, it was a pleasure conducting buisness with you. I am sure you'll find other more digestible meals in the near future as long as you have your queen ba...'
'Oh, I forgot the big applepie was still in my fist. I guess I'll just keep her for good measure, we don't want you eating poor confused vagabounds now, do we? START THE SHITTING GOAT, FAST!' And with that, Grant threw the yelling queen in a small blue velvet pouch he had in his trousers and jumped on the goat. The thick goat panicked and with its muscular legs took off down the hill with its two new companions. The fairies didn't chase them, instead they hissed and puffed. They couldn't venture that far out the woods either way. They would have to turn one of their own into a Queen now. This would require a whole summer of feeding the poor fairy honey and sun flower sap.

GRANT S HUGE FIST GRABS THE QUEEN WHICH LIVES IN THE HIVE'S HEAD. HE EMPRISONS IT AND HELDS HER FOR RANDSOME. THE OTHER FAIRIES BRING HIM MAGICAL STONES AND HE SWINGS HIS SWORD, RUNS AWAY, JUMPS ON THE THICK GOAT, WITH ALPHONSE ON HIS BACK AND GETS AWAY SAFELY. 