STRUCTURE

Place the story of the farmer boy after the Prologue? 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dialogue ideas: 

Camelot and Grant, as she greets him:
Camelot "Hoi stranger, what can I get ya?".
Grant, wanting to be heard above the music and the crowded voices, pulled his yellow hood back and yelled huskly "Hoi miss, get me fists of yer best ale, enough that they'll drown me in peace". To which the bartender fired "Damned, you're in luck, that's the only ale we have - the best. And enough to drown a whale or two as well." 
"That is grand - but first, you do have a game table don't ya?"  
"The best in town as well - two shields, one per ale and 5 shields for sitting mid-game, ya? There's 3 old dogs and 2 bitches going at it already" she said while walking around the oak counter, "Follow my ass, but don't stare at it cause I'll feel it you cheeky bastard." She smiled with her round face and tapped her nose on the side. The remark made him jolly even before the ale. The counter went for half the length of the room, stooles filling it with noisy, lively people. A small stage with a couchened chair at its centre - its legs worked into ivery and flowers - took their place facing the room.

Grant looked down to test an hypothesis that he had - perhaps she wasn't a wizard afterall - and followed Camelot to the game table. To get there they had to walk past half of the house. It had a good sample of the diversity one gets in life - Grant saw a very fat man laughing hard, looking like a red baloon, full and ready to burst - his table friends were crying of laughter, hiting the table and eachother. Another table, this time three bearded woman sat and stared at Grant as he passed by them, having stoped their words abruptly - "STUMP!" Grant looked back at the sound of broken wood and saw the fat man rolling on the floor - now laughing purple.  
"Do these cunts even know what night it is?" - Camelot looked back at Grant's incredulous face while his body squeezed through tables "Ups, excuse me - uh - behind you. Well, they do - Ugh, sorry - that's why they are here and drunk. For protection. I don't know where ye're from, but around here drinking is our way of avoiding the little bitches miasmas. It worked for my grandad and it sure works for the folk now." Grant grunted. It was a fucked up night. People died often. Not many, but Grant knew about it even though he was not from Brismwoods. At the moment, he wasn't from anywhere though. 

--------------------------------------------------------
SET - Battlefield scared with dead corpses, mud and broken trees. Blood pools and fire burns here and there. Grant is walking without a direction or intent - the war was theirs, he won.  He looks up - a dandelion.

A dandelion seed swam through the cold northern breeze, and he saw it and cherished that moment as if it was his own life he was seeing. He almost didn't notice it happening. But he did and his eyes shattered in a dozen glassy tears, rough tears that hit the ground hard. If it wasn't for that spore, that drop of fleeting life that hang on with all its purpose to some line of potentiality, thin but heavy as the world, he wouldn't have remembered that he might have died. And it might have never happen, but to him, the possibility of it was a miracle - his whole existence fell to his feet and buried itself along with the seeds that never were, might be and would be, soon, beautiful sunny dandelions coming down floating on the winter winds of the north.

--------------------------------------------------------
WIZARD AND WIZARDY THINGS
The wizard is what actual is protecting the whole inn, not drinking - he aludes to this matter by making fun and calling them deaf cunts. 

CONVERSATION ABOUT THE ETHER RECEPY - Well, it's a programming language that - what do you mean by programming? - Well... I mean what I said and what I said is that you can define behaviour through conditions in a very well constructed formal language. You see, logic - No, I don't see it, you're speaking in tongues. What do you mean old man. Do you mean magic?
Well now, I'm older than I look - And clever as a crow but what you are selling me here for gold is just pebbles, don't take me for a dumbwitt for I am a cat you see - Okay, okay, well then Mr Feline, I'll make you pur - what? - Listen then, what I am failing to enlighten you about is the nature of reality dear bob.  

NOTE - there will be someone pretending to save the green lady with a fake bow, but since the lady is pretending to be a baboon, he shoots her instead - this is an act of comedy.
--------------------------------------------------------
DIALOGUE FOR MAGIC TABLE SCENE - FISHERLADY ON GAYS
One of the fisherladies - I have a son and if I ever doubted he was a dick licker I'd send his ass while it was still tight to the high seas, together with the ladies - a month or two as the only stick a'board and they'd cling to him like limpets cling to hard rock. The boy'd come back straighter than a board.

AT THE TABLE a char doubts very much about the whole existence of magical stuff - alluding to pascal's wager as a justification for being there.
Another char is new to the game - the old fisher woman explains it to him and therefore to the reader. The game is a card game - three vs three - it's said to be an enchanted table because you can never cheat on it. The char that doesn't believe in magic tries to cheat, falls off the chair and gets revealed. 

AT THE TABLE the char that will try to cheat argues that everyone is in some sort of halucinatory state, only envisioning their own narratives, locked and intertwined with them. Making them mere shadows of people, no better than a dog or a concept. Unfinished, full of lost potential. He argues with the fisherwoman that she is a fisherwoman, that is what she is, the prototype of the fisherwoman was taken by her like a glass to water, shapping itself according to the fisherwoman type. She has changed her habits and learned the skills. She is no longer just Matilda who does what Matilda does - she is Matilda the fisherwoman, and therefore predictable for anyone who knows the fisherwoman type. Her words are predictable, her form and her ways. Even her thought. She then tells him a very deep secret of hers - that she has always wanted to be a writter, and the only reason why she adobted said profession was survival. Those rebutting at leaast some parts of the argument - she is basically advocating for the human side while he is advocating for the void or meaningless.

STORY 
A fisherwoman hallucinated funny stuff once - Regina was her name, one night as she walked home after getting drunk she thought an elder tree was telling her to penetrate it and so she did - she climbed in the tree trunk through an hollow hole the size of a house and she sleped there as it rained outside only to wake up with water up to her neck inside a perfectly normal tree - old Pattrick happened to be walking nearby on his way to the apple market and heard her scream.
------------------------

Deitadonum montesobre relva dotada de uma cor verde, macia e confortável como o colo de uma mãe que nos ama. Lucius vê océu,negro e estrelado. Suplicandoa qualquer ser imaginado que o céu escuroo envolvesse, e lhe cede-se o sono nas mãos.Memórias de guerras passadas, de sangue e aço, de honra e mortecarregavam no até ao fundo da sobridez. Ao seu lado descansava aespadadoguerreiroque outrora Lucius personificara. A lâminarefletia um céu contrastadoentre o fundo negro e todas as estrelas que nele flutuavam, perfeitamente centilantes.Lucius fechouos olhos, embalado pela brisa que o refrescava naquela noite quente.Sonhos do macabro sanguinario puxaram no devolta á narrativa consciente. Das vidas todas que ceifara nenhuma face persistira á passagem do tempo. As memorias, , tal como os seus respectivos possessores á muito desvaneceram.as assim que os seus olhos fecharam cenários macabros e sanguíneos passaram pela sua mente. Memórias das suas guerras, da sua espada a cortara carne dos seus adversários... Quando o sangue destes, quente e ligeiramente mais pesado do que água, lhe bateu na face,Lucius acordou com um salto,levantando-se rapidamente enquanto empunhava a sua espada para inimigos invisíveis,á muito mortos pelas suas próprias mãos.Lucius depressa se apercebeu que algoá sua volta estava errado. Sentia que algo ou alguém o observava... Atras de si,o montetransformava se numafalésia com algumas dezenas de metrosde altura, á sua frente havia uma floresta densa. Começou a caminhar em direção á floresta–sempre em guarda com lacrimosa apontada á escuridão –o brilho da lua não iluminava a floresta devido às árvores altas com folhagem espessa. Algo o sobressaltou e o fez recuar alguns passos. Oser de tons esverdeados finalmente revelou-se. Agora que Lucius via o ser á luz do luar, sem a proteçãoque lhe era oferecido pela floresta, ficou espantado com abeleza formidáveldeste e com oenorme contrasteque faziacom a floresta á sua volta, fazendo-a parecer morta. Este ser de traços belos, repleta de curvas sensuais possuía um corpo feminino tão perfeito que era possível confundi-lo com um sonho. Vestia apenas uma leve túnica branca, tão transparente que permitia ver o seu corpo nu por debaixo desta. Nos seus pulsos usava joelharia com símbolos rúnicos. A sua face, tal como o seu corpo, eradotadade uma infinita beleza e perfeição, uma simetria invejável, capaz de levar o homem comum á loucura. Usava o seu escuro, longo cabelo,preso num intricado laço de folhase floresde onde pendiam tranças que desciam até á sua cintura. Parte do seu cabelo caia delicadamente sobre os seus olhos. Esteseram grandes, tão escuros e cristalinos que refletiam tudo á sua volta, ocultando a sua alma.criatura enquanto se aproximava dela sem ter consciência de o estar a fazer. Estava enfeitiçado, preso, louco de atração. Estava apenas a unspassos do ser quando este lhe estendeu a mão delicadamente,tocando lhe o rosto com dois finos dedos, as suas unhas eram negras como os seus olhos. Algo fez Lucius tremer da cabeça aos pés... Um arrepio quente... O que seria? Lucius começou a despertar. Sentia-se tonto e confuso. Quando finalmente voltou a si, viu uma aura esverdeada á volta da criatura e um nome surgiu-lhe na mente: “Hamadryas”, um tipo de Ninfascujo nome não se pronunciava. Eram seres temíveis nas Terras dos Homens. As lendas diziam que estes seres perseguiam quem entrassenos seus bosques, os caçavam e os comiam. E agora,Luciusencontrava-se tao perto de uma Ninfa, demasiado perto. Sabiaque as Ninfas eram seres puros e mágicos, mas também sabia que nunca se mostravam a meros humanos, não da forma como aquela estava a fazer. O ser, incrivelmente belo, por sua vez, vendo Lucius livre do seu feitiço, tentou chegar a uma adaga que trazia no seu tornozelo, mas Lucius foi mais rápido.Mal a ninfa se moveu, Lucius puxou o seu braço esquerdo atrás,que ainda segurava firmemente na sua espada, Lacrymosa, e com um golpe rápido e a direito degolou a criatura. A aura que rodeava o belo ser desapareceu assim que este caiu aos pés de Lucius. Ele olhou para a criatura queaparentava ter uma juventude eterna e bela sem qualquer sentimento nos seus olhos. Esta debatia-se com dificuldade, contorcendo-se, aflita e apavorada, tentando respirar. Imitiasons de choro, tao animalescos que ao saírem por entrelábios tao delicados e belos a transformavam numa imagembizarra. A Ninfa, com umamão tentava parar a hemorragiapor onde sangue jorrava do seu perfeito pescoço e deslizava até ao seu peito, manchando a túnica transparente que vestiade um tom claro de vermelho. Com a outra mão, tentava arrastar-se de volta para a escuridão fornecida pelafloresta.Em vão... Olhando-a nos olhos,Lucius empenhou a sua espada, Lacrymosaeenterrou-a no peito da criatura. Lucius olhou para o céu. Aquele céu negro e estrelado que tudo perdoa e esquece. E deixando-se cair na relva verde, macia e confortável,á beira do seu predador, não se importando com oseu sangue, e adormeceu enquanto olhava para a sua espada manchada de sangue inocente...enquanto estarefletia onegro proveniente docéu Lucius viu-se preso naqueles olhos negros. A tenção que á pouco o inundou ao ver aquele ser deu lugar a sentimentos de puro desejo. Deu por si a apreciar o peito da 